I can't believe
you've thrown it away.
What about the
precious memories, Mom.
Meg, I'm packing.
I haven't really
got time for this.
What do you even want your
old school uniform for?
School reunion.
I was going to wear it
as a gag, obviously.
An ice breaker.
Gags are what I was known for.
That and pissing myself.
Then I did you a favor, love.
Nothing more attractive
than a fully grown woman
in a school uniform.
Think Google
would beg to differ.
So when are you
coming back exactly?
Well--
FRANK Where's the lube, Jen?
Meg is here, Frank.
Hi, Meg.
The lube, you probably
heard me shout.
That's lubricant for the
bikes for the weekend.
What bikes?
Mountain bikes.
You don't have mountain bikes.
No.
No, we don't, but we're
going to hire some.
BMX style we thought
would be best for us,
and we thought we're
going to need a really
reliable source of lubrication.
So better safe than sorry.
You never really can be too
careful, lubrication wise.
Sorry I appear
to have wandered
into a Freudian nightmare.
[theme music]
You all right?
I am more than
all right, fella.
Old Meggington here has
pulled an absolute blinder
and made us all some
cold, hard cashish money.
Oh.
You finally give that guy
in the Kinko's a handy.
Nope.
I have subleted our
flat for the weekend.
You're welcome.
- Nice one, Meg.
Cool.
Wait, is that cool?
Where are we going to live?
Mom and Dad are away.
Free house.
Boom.
We are looking at a
weekend of peep-free baths,
Baby Bell in the fridge,
and "Clueless" on VHS.
We're going to turn up the
school reunion brunch looking
so bloody rested,
they're going to think
we're actually school girls.
Yes.
Look, nobody bloody cares much
about the stupid school reunion
brunch.
It's going to be shit.
Everyone knows that
brunch is the worst meal.
It's got booze, but
you're not allowed to get
mega lush because it's morning.
I like brunch.
Of course, you do.
You're posh.
Laura, this is our
Romeo and Michelle moment.
Time to show all these
bastards we've made it.
Show them we're the top of the
tree, the cream of the crop.
How?
By lying, mate.
And looking shit hot.
Foolproof.
I don't care about
any of those pricks.
They don't even
live here anymore.
They've all moved to London.
Traders.
What's so special
about London anyway?
London is for mocks.
It's expensive and shit.
Will Johnson doesn't
live in London.
He lives in Buenos Aires.
Oh, here we go.
He's a photographer now.
He's got like so
many wish bracelets.
I'm going to get him to
take my new head shots
and fall in love with me.
How are you going to do that?
Yep, that will do it.
We've got unfinished business.
He was the first
boy to, you know,
stick his fingers in the till.
OK.
Packing time.
There's a bit of a
whiff from the fridge,
but it's nothing to worry about.
And that's a kettle for
your tea and what have you.
Them's your curtains.
That is a thong.
I'll move that.
I don't like it, Mommy.
It smells.
We have to be here, pumpkin,
because your sister is
graduating, and someone
forgot to book the Novotel
in January when I told him to.
So this is the only place left.
I mean, it just look like
a completely different
flat from the photographs.
Does it?
That's weird.
Well, enjoy.
Oh, the toilet is a
little bit temperamental,
so there's a coat hanger
in there for solids.
Me casa su casa.
Laters.
Suckers.
Dah, come on.
It's weird.
They key won't go in.
I'll call Dad.
All right, Meg.
MEG: Hi, Dad.
Hope you're having
a nice holiday.
All it is--
Yeah, your key doesn't work.
Maybe.
Yeah, we changed the locks.
What?
Why?
Well, to be
honest, mate, you do
have a tendency to take
advantage when we're away,
don't you?
Go, Frank.
I do not.
Maybe this time, but I can't
believe you've done this.
I'm going to have to sleep
on the street all day.
I could get attacked.
FRANK You're not going
to get attacked, Meg.
You can't just turn
our house into a B&B.
What's that matter
with your old flat?
I've turned it
into a B&B. God.
Am I too old to call Childline?
It's actually really abusive.
Come on.
Step aside.
Laura to the rescue.
Give me a bank card.
I'll show you.
Shit.
OK.
That didn't have any
money on it, did it?
Yes, all of our
money from the Airbnb,
and thus, all of our money.
Shit-a-roma.
Believe me, we would be
delighted to leave if there
was anywhere else to go.
You've already taken our money.
No.
Look, we're not
asking you to leave.
And we thought we'd all
just stay here together.
What are you going to do, curl
up at the bottom of the bed?
If you'd like.
Look, we'll just
stay on the sofa.
You won't even know we're here.
You are already teetering on
the brink of a one-star rating,
young lady.
Why don't you stop
bothering us and go
find some friend to stay with.
How do you turn
on the television?
Green button and AV-1.
OK.
So who are our other friends?
Scott, fancy seeing you here.
At my own front door.
You joker.
I'll cut to the chase, man.
I know you're busy.
I wondered, will you
keep me company tonight?
I'm so young.
Bunny.
She's gone rogue, Scott.
Sorry.
You can't do sexy baby.
You're supposed to be a teen.
You see, I've got a
client here who's just made
a very important breakthrough.
What do you want?
So we were just trying
to make some cashish money
by subletting the old flat.
And let me guess, you
got nowhere to stay.
Just a bit.
A teensy touch on the
homeless side, yes.
We were just taking advantage
trying to make a quick buck.
You know how it is, Scott.
You're a psychologist.
Right.
Firstly, I'm a psychotherapist.
Potato.
Secondly, I only have
one bedroom, as you
and Bunny well know.
From the sex.
And thirdly, every time
I spend any time with you,
I end up having to
spend even more time
with my own psychotherapist,
Dr. Francis.
Maybe he's got
somewhere we can sleep.
Right.
Oh.
Looks like it's an alley
raping for us tonight.
Suppose outside, shall I?
What are you doing,
Gary, share cocking?
Put some pants on, mate.
You've got company.
Now is not a good time.
You got someone in there?
Have you got some slag in there?
Get out the way.
Let me fucking see her.
I'm not having this, Gary.
What the hell?
This is how we die.
Holt. It is the
evil temptress,
the whore of Theron, Laura.
How does this crushed velvet
slag know my name, Gary?
What's going on?
It's my guild.
We've decided to [inaudible]
at IRL for a bit.
- What?
- Me guild.
They've been helping me
through a tough time.
What kind of tough time?
Did your mom finally die?
Did you get that
Princess Diana plate?
Can I have it?
- No, Laura.
A difficult breakup.
Well, You're not going
get over it mincing around
with these goblins, are you?
Tell them to bugger off.
We need somewhere to sleep.
No.
What?
No, Laura.
You can stay, but if you
do, you have to participate.
All of you.
Jesus Christ.
Let's just get this
over with then.
You may proceed
to cross the bridge.
What do you mean the bridge.
I though we were in the castle?
God, keep up, Meg.
The bridge troll has
just granted us our wish.
Which one's the bridge troll?
You called, my lady?
Well, I wish to go to
the Magic Kingdom, a.k.a.
bed.
Nice try.
But playing standard Gert rules.
Not that you get that.
Lightning ball, past 10.
Amulet fears belt,
lightning bolt reversed.
You've killed her.
Oh.
Well, I didn't mean
to kill her, did I?
How did you know
how to do that?
Are you a secret LARPer?
No.
Oh, my god.
I just-- oh, fuck off, Meg.
Tell it the
bridge troll, mate.
No.
Oh, come on, Laura.
It's only a joke.
Get out.
OK, guys.
You know I'm all for a jag, but
it's actually quite cold now,
and I want to look good
for the union tomorrow.
Yeah, well, what
do you suggest?
We walked out of the flat.
We've run out of friends
plus we've got 14 pounds
35 between us.
30, 35.
[inaudible]
When?
Girls, let Mommy
take care of this.
We're going to put on
tomorrow's glad rags,
taunt ourselves up, go to
the hottest bar in town,
find some totty, and then
we'll go home with them.
So prostitute ourselves?
No.
We're not going to have
sex with them, silly.
We'll pretend that we might just
till we get to someone's flat,
and we'll crash there.
Good plan.
Sounds a bit risky.
Exactly.
If you got it, flaunt it.
Not woman.
No offense, Meg, but what
have your morals ever got you?
Whoa.
You two are fine.
But this ain't happening.
Well, I can take
my blazer off.
Pub?
Jesus.
I mean, a lot of these people
do look like serial killers.
And we're not leaving till
one of them takes us home.
I think my outfit is going to
invite the wrong kind of man.
Meg, your outfit is
inviting no kind of man.
Let's face it, Laura,
this one's on us.
Right.
Let's get this party started.
(SINGING) I don't
need anybody--
Night time.
Oh, bogs.
Time to go, girls.
[sighing]
Good night, mate.
What the hell is going on?
I can see you.
Which input is the DVD on?
AB-2 select DVD from the menu.
I mean, Doper Road is nice.
It is nice, but do
you think there's
like a park we could sleep in?
God, you don't want
to sleep in a park, Meg.
That's a number one rule, not
unless you want a pillow that's
made of Johnny's and dog shit.
We just need to
find somewhere posh,
like a round-about flower bed.
Or--
This will do.
This is six hours beauty
sleep before brunch.
[inaudible] a beefer.
Oy!
Oh, my god!
What are you doing?
[screaming]
Ay!
Has he gone?
Oh, it's too soft.
This is like a beach.
Let's just wait here a
minute until the coast clears.
Ow!
Excuse me!
Cease fire!
Good god.
Is it bad?
What the hell
is going on here?
LAURA: Where are you taking us?
GOLF PLAYER: I'm escorting
you off the premises.
LAURA: Water.
GOLF PLAYER: Hey!
Hey!
LAURA: I need water.
GOLF PLAYER: Hey,
what are you doing?
Get yourself back here.
LAURA: No, I need a drink.
GOLF PLAYER: Come here.
LAURA: I'm allowed it.
LAURA: You can't stop me.
GOLF PLAYER: This is
why women should never
be allowed on golf courses.
MEG: I really don't think
this is a good idea.
Oh, come.
I am not missing
out on Will Johnson.
I don't look brunch
appropriate, Bunny.
BUNNY: You promised.
What about showing
people the we've made it?
Will won't be
doing that though.
Someone might be able
to have us to stay.
They might have a hotel room.
Oh, come on.
Please.
I can seduce Will Johnson.
He's got to have a
bed for us, hasn't he?
I mean, we do need to find
somewhere to sleep tonight.
These guys don't really care
what we look like, will they?
Nah.
They're all school mates.
We go way back.
They've seen us when we
looked worse than this.
As I will be saying to
Will Johnson later tonight,
it's what's inside that counts.
Inside my vagina.
Oh, god.
You did want to make
an entrance, didn't you?
OK, look, we just
need to find a bed,
even if it means going home
with Mr. Pillsgate, caretaker.
I think we're about
old for him now.
There he is.
How do I look?
5 out of 10.
My 5 is you're nice.
That's OK.
You don't smell
great though, mate.
Have you got any
perfume on you?
No.
Right.
Well, is anyone looking for it?
My knickers are full of sand.
What are you doing?
It's my family perfume.
It's pheromones.
Drives men wild.
It's science, Meg.
Is it?
Professor Stephen Hawking would
call that science, would he?
No, a fact.
I read it on the internet.
Right.
Wish me luck.
I got a hefty bonus, which
Marvin could have been it.
Oh, my god.
Laura.
Wow.
You look--
- Yeah.
I know.
Time has been good to me.
So any of you has
got a spare bedroom?
What?
Staff interest.
Well, I mean, we all have
guest rooms, of course.
Right.
I need somewhere
to stay tonight.
Oh, well, I suppose you
could stay with me in Camden.
What?
Camden in London.
London.
What a shithole.
How about you, then?
- I live in London.
- You?
Me too.
Absolute time wasters.
[laughter]
Hi, guys.
Jeremy, how are you?
Fine.
Sorry, who are you?
Classic, Jeremy.
Class clown.
You know me.
What?
Seriously.
No one?
It's me.
Meg.
We were in school
together for seven years.
I went on holiday
with your family, Amy.
Right.
Well, that was a blow
for the old self esteem.
No mind.
What are you guys all up too?
Well, I'm a human
rights lawyer.
It was between that or modeling.
And I'm a dentist.
Alex here was just
telling us how
he's built an orphanage in--
Yes.
Sorry, did you say dentist?
Would you mind having
a look at my tooth?
It just came loose.
I got hit by a
golf ball earlier.
So where are you
staying tonight, Jeremy?
And I swear that lion
just knew me, you know?
He just like got
me in a way that I
guess a woman never could.
What's that smell?
Guilty.
Ah.
I knew you'd remember.
Yeah.
Right.
Anyway, the thing you need to
remember about wild beasts--
I feel sleepy.
Yeah?
Oh, sexy baby.
There's no competing with that.
So maybe we should go
somewhere a little bit quieter,
like your hotel room, say?
I don't have a hotel room.
I'm getting a plane back
to Buenos Aires tonight.
But I think I know somewhere
we can go to catch up.
I'm so tired, Laura.
I think I'm hallucinating.
I just need sleep.
There's only one thing for it.
You're going home
with Mr. Pillsgate.
I'm getting out
the begging bowl.
Don't do it, Meg.
Hey.
Thank you.
So you all remember me.
I'm Meg.
I pissed my pants on the
school trip to Cheddar Gorge.
(ALL) Oh.
Right.
Yeah.
All is it's a funny
story, really.
I'm in a little bit of a pickle.
And I need somewhere
to stay tonight.
Oh.
Ow.
Wait.
Is there sand up there?
It's not very-- can
you stop wriggling.
You neither.
Oh, it hurts.
Oh, god.
Well, I guess I was
just trying to impress you
all, really.
I'm a woman of means.
I'm living the dream.
Oh, no.
Oh.
[gasping]
Look, my tooth has come off.
Don't look at me.
I want to help.
Come on.
Ah!
Please stop, Bunny!
Your vagina is like sandpaper.
Oh!
[orgasm-ing]
So does anyone
would have us to stay?
Anyone?
[theme music]